the skills of SD players can now be seen
not only on the pictures of stadiums
around Singapore but also at mrt
stations across the island final Lewis
noor alam shah rid o muhammad and
whorish camera flash disculpa moves as
part of h2o latest advertising campaign
the winning formula and in line with the
campaign's fans of the fair poor had a
chance to meet and greet their idols at
tampines mrt station last week where the
footballers were on hand to hand off
limited autos are posters this meet the
pen session would not be the only
football related event organized by yos
in the coming months on 18 july they'll
be holding the h2o ultimate challenge
2009 with all proceeds from that events
to be donated to charity home jamia
children's home for details can be found
on top o wot msg
first up the super retro favorites to
take the three points at Eastern Stadium
compared to sing Hong Kong goal just two
minutes into the game a mistake from Kim
yoke 60 aunt neva hondo started the ball
poem for the opening goal
on the half-hour mark English Anand down
laid the ball for Murphy rato who made
no mistake in doubling the lead for the
visitors
after the break new signing Chung
Julian's header bong choi dong soup
who's finished bought the home side bag
into the game
just before the arm out Chung bagged his
first goal when you wrote the highs to
sent home a corner to level the scores
for the super reds in the 84th minute
Lao mang mang charged down Kim Jong coup
in the penalty box and the referee
pointed to the spot
up step Kim and he bagged a winner for
the super reds from the squad
up NEX homie Nyjah took on albirex
niigata at the Clemente Stadium after
their defeat against go back United
determined to put that setback to the
back of their minds where is the aloe
vera connected with Lisa Holland cost to
put the protectors into the lead
picking up across from candy due to bake
10 Coomer salads have put the home side
into the driving seat that they soak up
halftime
in the 66th minute the velvet cake not
at all mushy jahi's corner to put the
protectors we nail art goken Giada jihad
I managed to get one back for the white
ones it was too little too late for the
visitors
the stacks play catch up on the
beefeaters as they host the super reds
at the company stadium resolve to make
up for the lost points written Mohammed
back of first goal of the night that's
five minutes into the game
faith into regular time go on inshallah
and a penalty often he was brought down
by the super-rich fifa
and the striker converted his pocket to
seal all three points for companies
here's a quick recap of the scores
Ricky what happenes saw them for 390 pmm
into fourth Cinco although miss the
opportunity to move up the table after
their defeat against to Perez